# Data-Science-330
Homework 2 Answers:

1. How do you fill in the missing dates from the grants data?
    In class we renamed the 'BUDGET_START' to 'start_at'. I then checked how many values mere missing in that columns. Since 'applicaiton_id' is unique, every row represents one grant. The only way to fill the missing values is to check if the original .csv file has other columns that represent date. There was a column names 'PROJECT_START' which has dates for when the project has started, and I thought that I can fill out the missing values in 'start_at' using values from that column. After filling those values, I rechecked the NA count to confirm that the dates were mostly resolved. There were also 3 missing dates in project_start, but I decided to remove them because most of the other columns related to that row were empty (for example, there was no country, city, etc.) 
2. PI_NAMEs contains multiple names. We can only connect individual people. Can you make it so that we can get "grantees"?
    The 'pi_names' column has multiple names in one cell that are separated by semicolons ";". Using str.split(';'), and removing the unnecessary words like '(contact)', I splitted each cell into a list of names. Then I used explode to create more rows with individual pi_names. Since the application_id is unique, it would be easy to find pi's related to the same project. 
3. The dates for Articles are problematic. Can you fix them?
    Article dates in are problematic in this .xml file because there are different types of dates for one single publication (date completed, date revised, publication date), which also have months either in like numbers of as a string. Some dates don't have days, while others might have all three: year, month, and date. I think to make it easier to work with this file, we should only choose one type of date to focus on and keep for every publication. I decided to focus on publication date, but then noticed that there are two different types of that: electronic and the journal issue code. My idea was to use the electronic date first and go to journal issue dates if needed. However, I was not fully able to implement it in code. 

